---
title: Fancy New Blog!
layout: post
permalink: "/2014/07/fancy-new-blog.html"
date: "2014-07-07T18:15:00"
tags: [new blog, meta, jekyll]
author: bradorego
---

My my, it's been quite some time. However, there's lots of goodness coming your way. After buying [this domain](http://beerbatterbreakfast.com) way back in May, I've finally had/taken the time to do something with it. I'm really excited about it as well.

First off, you'll notice I've migrated away from <a href="http://blogger.com" target="_blank">Blogger</a>. This is for a few reasons, mostly that I just wanted something that was more lightweight, more professional, and easier to update/post to. I noticed a lot of hesitation in posting in the past (hence the curent backlog), and that's because I hated wrestling with Blogger's interface and all the overhead involved with it. I also took this opportunity to play with something new and interesting in <a href="http://jekyllrb.com" target="_blank">Jekyll</a>, which so far has been awesome.

In the near future, you'll notice a lot of old posts flooding in, as well as a lot of new ones. This move is both to make my life easier but also to try to grow the brand and the blog. I'm hoping that eventually other people will be able to submit entries, and that breweries will be able to use this as a way to spread the word about beers they're trying to publicize (hint hint).

You'll also notice a few growing pains. I've done as much as I can to salvage all of the old images and links, but some of them are going to be broken. You'll also notice that all of the older posts have a different format and look and feel to them. I don't care enough to go through and scrape the content from all of them just to make them prettier. It's functional, for the most part, and that's all that matters.

Please do use the "share the love" link at the bottom of the posts if you enjoy them. I've <a href="http://theoatmeal.com/comics/making_things" target="_blank">purposely left comments out</a>, so use that as a way to discuss anything as well as spread content. After all, this is all about getting exposure for all of the wonderful craft beer out there.

TL;DNR:

* New blog on Jekyll > Old blog on Blogger
* Tell your friends, tell your favorite breweries, tell everyone
* Don't mind the mess of the old posts - some stuff just won't work.

I'm excited to see where we can take this. Together.

{% include "twitter.html" %}
